Meeting Minutes
6FEB2024
Participants: Thomas, Allen
Minutes Taker: Thomas


9:15 - Reviewed ProjectPart2 Outline
9:21 - Decide software system - Uber clone (Guber)
9:22 - Develop problem statement
	Title: Guber
	Problem:
As the desire for on-demand personalized transportation rises, there is a market need for a centralized 
application to house multiple transportation methods and companies offering a multitude of options to best 
suit the customer.

Simultaneously, we are becoming more and more disconnected from the humor of others around us. As we divide 
ourselves more into online communities, the common basis that social communication requires is disappearing.
As a society, we require common ground to continue communicating in an effective manner.

There are currently other ride-share providers that provide a solution to the transportation issue, but do
nothing to solve the second issue. We plan to solve this by providing operators who are trained in giving
humorous commentary on current events.

9:37 - Objectives

The objectives of Guber are as follows:

- provide an infrastructure and application for customers to request transportation in many forms on-demand
- provide an infrastructure for operators to accept ride requests
    - operators will be able to see and receive compensation amount per ride
- provide an infrastructure for admins to review potential operators and review customer complaints
    - admins will be able to ban users and operators for behavior not in line with company values


9:42 - Functional Requirements

Guber will have 3 types of users:
- Riders should be able to request a ride using an application, select comedy preferences, 
select pick-up and drop-off details, including location, time, and mode of transportation, select 
a payment method, pay per ride, and leave tips to operators, and leave reviews of operators.

- Operators should be able to accept ride requests, ride details, and amount of compensation for the 
requests that are within a selected location, when the operator fits the requests of the rider. They should 
also be able to leave reviews of riders.

- Admins should be able to see all ongoing rides, review and accept potential operators applications, review
customer complaints and operator and rider reviews. They will be allowed to deactivate accounts of riders 
and operators who have behaved in a way that does not align with company values.

9:57 - Nonfunctional Requirements

- Quick arrival and delivery. The time from when an operator accepts a ride to when the operator arrives at
the requested pick-up location should be +-20% of a reasonable mapping software estimate.
- Reliancy. A ride request is shown to the 5 closest operators to maximize the probability the request is 
responded to quickly. A ride request should be accepted by an operator within 5 minutes of the user 
requesting the ride 85% of the time, and within 10 minutes 98% of the time.
- Security. Provide security for all user's personal data. This data should never be shown to users other
than its owners.
- Scalability. Guber will begin with its focus on one city and surrounding area (100 mi radius of city 
center), and will expand into further cities according to market research.

10:09 - Target Environment

- Riders and operators should be able to access the application using mobile applications and a web portal,
and admins will be able to access the system using a web portal.

10:14 - Began work on slideshow for 02082024
